Privacy Policy for Sampleapp
Murali Krishnan V built the Login app as a Commercial app. 

This Privacy Policy document contains types of information that is collected and recorded by Login app and how we use it.

If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.

This Privacy Policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to our website with regards to the information that they shared and/or collect in Login app. This policy is not applicable to any information collected offline or via channels other than this website.


Information we collect

The personal information that you are asked to provide, and the reasons why you are asked to provide it, will be made clear to you at the point we ask you to provide your personal information.

If you contact us directly, we may receive additional information about you such as your name, email address, phone number, the contents of the message and/or attachments you may send us, and any other information you may choose to provide.

When you register for an Account, we may ask for your contact information, including items such as name, company name, address, email address, and telephone number.

How we use your information

We use the information we collect in various ways, including to:

Provide, operate, and maintain our webste

Improve, personalize, and expand our webste

Understand and analyze how you use our webste

Develop new products, services, features, and functionality

Communicate with you, either directly or through one of our partners, including for customer service, to provide you with updates and other information relating to the webste, and for marketing and promotional purposes
Send you emails.

Find and prevent fraud

Log Files

Advertising Partners Privacy Policies

You may consult this list to find the Privacy Policy for each of the advertising partners of Login app.

Third-party ad servers or ad networks uses technologies like cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons that are used in their respective advertisements and links that appear on Sampleapp, which are sent directly to users' browser. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. These technologies are used to measure the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns and/or to personalize the advertising content that you see on websites that you visit.

Note that Loginapp has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.

Third Party Privacy Policies

Login app's Privacy Policy does not apply to other advertisers or websites. Thus, we are advising you to consult the respective Privacy Policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information. It may include their practices and instructions about how to opt-out of certain options.

You can choose to disable cookies through your individual browser options. To know more detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers, it can be found at the browsers' respective websites.



